5/7/2024 - Today was my first day learning Python with the Cisco Skills for All program. Overall, I would rate it a 3 out of 10. Most of the day was spent figuring out GitHub and Python, downloading the necessary tools, and setting everything up. From what I’ve seen so far, Python looks similar to JavaScript, which I already have experience with.

5/8/2024 - Day 2 of learning Python. I would rate it a 7 out of 10. I’m still figuring out GitHub and all of its quirks. I’m noticing that Python has many similarities to other languages like HTML and Java, especially in terms of operators.

5/9/2024 - On day 3, I finished the second module. I struggled a bit with the final test and had to retake it three times, but I finally passed with a 90%. Some mistakes were due to minor errors, while others were due to unfamiliarity with certain concepts. Reviewing the correct answers helped me understand why they were correct. I’d rate today a 6 out of 10.

5/10/2024 - Today was relatively easy. I learned about 'if-else' statements. Initially, I struggled because my brain kept defaulting to using curly brackets, similar to JavaScript. I also had some issues with "elif" and the use of colons, but I quickly understood and was able to complete the remaining tasks relatively quickly. I'd rate today an 8 out of 10.

5/13/2024 - I took a break for a few days due to a busy weekend, but I am back to my Python learning journey. Recently, I learned about for and while loops and found them much easier to format compared to other loops, as they don’t require curly brackets. This has made my coding more streamlined. I faced a significant challenge with a course project where I had to determine the height of a pyramid based on the number of blocks. This was my first time needing to use external resources like Google and Stack Overflow for guidance. After some research, I discovered that counting from the top of the pyramid rather than the bottom made the problem easier to solve. Additionally, I created a program to count the number of steps in Collatz's hypothesis for a given number. I found this task relatively straightforward and managed to complete it in under 10 minutes. Overall, I would rate my progress a 7 out of 10, as I am beginning to solve projects using my own methods rather than strictly following the course guidelines.

5/14/2024 - Today was a bit challenging due to feeling very tired. I found it difficult to stay awake long enough to complete my lessons. As a result, I didn’t make much progress today. However, I plan to make up for this by putting in extra effort tomorrow.

5/16/2024 - Finally finished the 3rd module. Had to cram a bit more today as I missed the last few days. Felt a bit demotivated near the end, like I didn't want to continue, but I stuck to it. Finished the module test with a 95% on the second try.

5/20/2024 - Finally back. The last few days were a bit busy with college, registering for classes, and all the other necessary steps, so I wasn't able to do much coding. But today, I learned functions. Pretty easy to understand. 7 out of 10.

5/21/2024 - Did more practice with functions, mainly just labs. Some of the labs provided little information on what they wanted me to create, which was annoying. Other than that, the unit quiz was pretty easy to understand as I already knew how functions work. 6 out of 10 due to lack of information from many of the projects. Needed better instructions.

5/23/2024 - I didn't log yesterday's lesson as there wasn't much interesting to log. Same as today. More of the same learning. But I did get a glance at what the final project will be. It's going to be making a TicTacToe board and having the computer be one of the players, and you try to beat it. I did something similar in Java a year ago, but don't remember much from how I coded that, so this should be interesting.

5/25/2024 - Finally finished all the lessons and now I'm on the final project and test. I will do the project first, which is to make the TicTacToe game. I don't really know how I will go about doing this, but that is something I will figure out another day with more research and whatnot.

5/27/2024 - Ok, so I completed the game in about an hour to an hour and a half. Not as hard as when I tried it with Java. I did have ChatGPT help me with finding syntax errors and some basic code, but I feel like I did most of the heavy lifting. 9 out of 10 today. Feels good to finally have completed this course. I don't know if I will continue with the intermediate course or another course, or maybe even a side project. I'll see based on how much free time I have in the future what I want to do. *Side note - First day of summer classes at college tomorrow, so that should be interesting.*
